Tigers and pirates continuing their
series in Pittsburgh top of the first
Wandy Rodriguez pitching for the Buccos
facing Matt Kemp campgrounds him to the
fielder's choice Oh Shane Victorino is
going to score to make it 1 nothing LA
but Neil Walker hurts himself you see it
again as he makes the throw he actually
has to leave the game with a dislocated
finger and Pedro Alvarez would take a
spot in the lineup bottom of the first
plane Kershaw pitching for LA looking
good striking at Starling Marte then
Alvarez and finally in the bottom of the
third 21 la now get smart a again
swinging as we go to the top of the
fourth to want to out still 21 and matt
kemp at the plate here's a 12 liner down
the right-field line and it drops in for
a base it Kershaw will score Victorino
will score and arriving at second base
with a stand-up double the red-hot Matt
Kemp which tends his hitting streak to
seven games that's courtesy of que la
see the next batter Hanley Ramirez
here's a 2-1 Ramirez line drive base it
headed toward the left-field corner hemp
will score hanley ramirez has a stand-up
double and the Dodgers have 8521 lien
que la see again with the calls we go to
the bottom of the fourth Andrew
McCutchen at the plate and McCutchen
it's this one's eat straightaway
centerfield it's going to find its way
into the shrubbery for the solos shut
his 24th of the year that's a
career-high for McCutchen makes it a 5-2
game top seven now 62 Chris Reese up
facing Luis Cruz and Cruz it's this one
the opposite way down the right-field
line Garrett Jones trying to make the
play can it's a ground rule double
scores Andre Ethier Dodgers take a 72
lead and in the bottom of the seventh
Kershaw in control now 92 facing Michael
McKenry gets him to chase they throw to
first to make it official and in the
bottom of the eighth now 93 Kershaw get
smart a swinging and then Alvarez goes
down again he went too far as they throw
to first that ends the frame Dodgers go
on to win 93 Kershaw's 11th win of the
year Ethier with three hits Kemp with
three RBI Dodgers have won six of their
last seven with the Giants lost now in
sole possession of first in the NL West
while the Buccos have dropped six of
their last seven